index.md, before:

## Welcome to My Website

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/jshokoor/jshokoor.github.io/edit/master/README.md) to maintain communication and stay on top of updates that will be provided on a day to day basis.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

The easiest way to apply new edits and request future changes is the markdown method. Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

Contact me at my email - j_shokoor@yahoo.com
Or cell - (619) 246-2877


```


### Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/jshokoor/jshokoor.github.io/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### To Learn More Follow My Social Media

[Facebook](https://facebook.com/) or [Twitter](https://twitter.com) or [GitHub](https://github.com/contact)

Commit message:

Update with fake about me.

index.md, after:

## Welcome to My Website

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/jshokoor/jshokoor.github.io/edit/master/README.md) to maintain communication and stay on top of updates that will be provided on a day to day basis.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### About Me

Jon Shokoor is a 31-year-old professional sports person who enjoys painting, tennis and eating out. He is Empathetic and Patient, but can also be very Lazy and a bit condescending.

He is an American Jedi. He has a degree in sports science. He is allergic to eggs and soy. He is obsessed with reading.

Physically, Jon is in pretty good shape. He is average-height with chocolate skin, grey hair and black eyes. He has a tattoo of a bookshelf between his shoulder blades.

He grew up in a working class neighbourhood. After his mother died when he was young, he was raised by his father

He is currently married to Isabella Ellis Moore. Isabella is 10 years older than him and works as a journalist.

Jon has two children with wife Isabella: Brooklyn aged 2 and Stella aged 3.

### Contact

The easiest way to apply new edits and request future changes is the markdown method. Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

Contact me at my email - j_shokoor@yahoo.com
Or cell - (619) 246-2877


```

### To Learn More Follow My Social Media

[Facebook](https://facebook.com/) or [Twitter](https://twitter.com) or [GitHub](https://github.com/contact)
