Career Blog

Starting my first blog. I am not sure if it will focus on any specific subject or interest, though to start, I will write about the life of a programmer.
I want to journal my experiences in my journey as a professional programmer, an activity, which if nothing else, will provide me a tool to reflect and track my progress.

A couple sources of motivation for me to start this activity, is my cousin (names will be omitted for now), who occasionally asks me, “What do you actually do as a programmer?”. The other, is a friend who operates her own blog, sharing her trials and tribulations as she makes her way through med school.
I’ll finish this first blog post with a brief autobiographical introduction into my life, particularly how I got into programming.

I started to program relatively late in life, compared to many of my academic peers, who have come to be introduced earlier in their lives (anecdotal evidence has shown that most often, people started coding in their teens). I was in my last year of community college at San Diego Mesa College, studying to be a Civil Engineer (2011-2012 academic year, I was 24 years old), and my curriculum required 2 programming classes, Java and C++. This unfortunately isn't a period of time that is as accessible as other periods of my life. And as such, I don't have as much to share from that experience. I will however, make clear, how I undoubtedly discovered a new found “passion”. Having said that, there is pause in my absolute embracing of this "passion". The reason for this, is that I am not applying the same criteria for which I would apply to personal activities of which I would go so far as to qualifying as pursuits of passion. Now, where I'm differentiating the criteria, is in the scope of which a activity is either a pursuit of the betterment of my livlihood or if it's simply a form of self-growth.

Fast-forwarding to my acceptance into UCI, as a Computer Game-Science major, I could not have been in a better position to succeed in life, at that exact point, given the circumstances. My experiences at UCI will likely consume its own fair share of blog posts, but to summarize, I went through a culture-shock for the better. Since graduating, I landed a job back home in San Diego as a Software Developer (web development) that I procured thanks to a family connection working at the company. That stint lasted a year, which has only been followed-up by a brief 3-month contract, in which I worked for a marketing agency in Irvine. It has been 14 months since I got let go from my first job and here I am today, looking for a job/purpose in life (saving all the drama of the post for the end, not surprisingly, in melodramatic fashion).
